BackendSrv: Cancellable requests & Observable all the way (#25746)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/packages_api/runtime/backendsrv.md

## Remarks

> By default Grafana will display an error message alert if the remote call fails. If you want to prevent this from happending you need to catch the error thrown by the BackendSrv and set the `showErrorAlert = true` on the request options object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Grafana displays an error message alert if the remote call fails. To prevent this from happening, you need to catch the error thrown by the BackendSrv and set the `showErrorAlert = true` on the request options object.

```

> > In versions prior to v7.2 you disable the notification alert by setting isHandled on the caught error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In versions prior to v7.2, you turned off the notification alert by setting isHandled on the caught error.

```
